---
title: 11/9/2025 Updates!
date: 2025-11-09
---
Hi Everyone!

It’s Eva (again). Much progress was made last Tuesday (fueled by pizza and a raspberry-lime rickey), when Elana, Taylor, and I had an after-hours build session; we got an intake system built and got started printing Akash’s Driver Station holder. I’m afraid there was a Driver Station disappearance, so we’re reprinting it, but overall Tuesday was extremely productive!

During today’s meeting, the main goal was getting our flywheel (a part of our intake system) up and running; my blog writing is currently soundtracked by the bumping, grinding noise of our flywheel’s attempts to launch an oversized wiffle ball into a goal accurately, so….the goal is on its way to being completed!

Inside the mind of our software prodigy: Cooke continued his work on utilizing AprilTags, specifically pose estimation. Last year, we struggled to improve our physical robot because our programming team was bewildered by mysterious issues. This year, our programming team and build team seem to be making progress in tandem, which is great!

Our outreach team did great work as always (no I’m not biased whatttt why would you say that?) Kai Putney not only did some CAD work, but also organized the bulk printing of our flyers (door-to-door coming soon – drop your address in the comments!)

Lastly, if you aren’t following our TikTok (@cloud9robotics) you’re either a loser or a Luddite. Neither is a complement, so get on that! While you’re there, like our most recent post, please.

Love, 

Eva Forman
